now the chances are you're watching this
video she's looking for quick speedy
dinner but you lack the very basic
kitchen skills so today I'm going to
show you all the tips and tricks to
awesome knife skills that means you can
chop without losing fingers and we're
going to create an incredible pork
stir-fried rice dish
because let's face it a chimpanzee with
an axe has better knife skills in you
now I reckon have a stirfry at home at
least once a week it's really easy so
together yeah and the only skill is
getting everything ready ahead of
cooking chopped up nice and fine and
last we're gonna look at today knife
skills yeah
okay so first up the pork we need to
marinate this is tenderloin and pork
loin and all I want you to do is cut it
into small strips the key here is a
board isn't going to move around yep a
knife that's nice and sharp and then
just let the knife do the work as you
slide through if you've got a nice sharp
knife it will do and I see you're using
the claw technique with the hand yes so
thumb behind the fingers and then all
you're doing is your knife is sliding
down that nail okay and there's no way
you can cut your finger and meanwhile
over on this side I'm going to make a
marinade for that pork which is root
ginger a couple of cloves garlic blend
it up with some liquid so in the
marinade what I'm going to do is little
spice grinder I'm just going to put soy
yes that's the salty flavor going in a
shot of mirin which is a sweet rice wine
yep and that is incredible and now we've
got kind of the fiery peak of the ginger
and the raw garlic going in as well
that's it simple as that
pop the lid on blend up and we're going
to marinate our pork in that now you can
do that just for a few moments before
you fry it why you cut a formative edge
or you can do it in the morning leave it
all day and be amazing my time your
homes dinner
typically this machine with beef for
grinding spices or coffee beans or nuts
but I find for pastes and marinades is
brilliant to give us a way that now even
taste it oh it's pretty strong because
you've got the fiery heat of ginger this
is skip garlic that's going to go in
there all to go for kin and then just
leave that to marinate for a little
while while we cut up all of the veg and
the key to a good stir fry it to make
sure everything is about the same size
well get rid of the raw meat board you
can your hands first up red onion do we
want a dice of red onion cut into where
the root was like that but sort of 3/4
of the way through remember the claw you
keep your fingers back and then turn it
and go the other way
what your left is here is a dice of a
layers top advice on pepper so you
minimize the waste cut the bottom off
then the top off then down one side and
then carve will way around it means all
the seeds come out in one and then you
can slice everything else into small
matchstick like pieces
don't let knife leave the board you're
rocking back and forth
and you end up with awesome Julian
where's our pepper onion done next up
sugar snap peas you could use more - at
the moment they're a little bit too big
so the same thing use that rocking
action keep the knife on the board -
just cut it into strips like that and
that way the strip's will be on par with
the pepper and I'm going to take tender
stem broccoli now this is already small
florets of broccoli I'm just going to
cut them in half because the stalks the
biggest bit and you can just cut down
the stalk and just kind of tear it and
it will find its natural line you end up
with pieces like that now the last thing
we have to get ready before we start to
cook is our rice we already have it
ready because it's leftover if you're
going to cook it fresh cook yourself off
some rice until it's just cooked then
drain it lay out a tray and let it cool
down and that allows it from steam dry
as well if you want quite dry cold rice
cool okay then we need a walk and the
walk has to be to the max and this bit
this is that you love yeah coconut oil
and that's what we going to fry and so
you guys suggested it basically a couple
of reasons one it has a higher smoke
point but also just if you get a good
quality oil you get the coconut flavor
coming through it as well so with the
ginger and the mirin and the coconut and
all these veg absolutely delicious
killer combination don't put it in until
your wok is already hot then when that
is nice and hot but first I'm gonna do
is cook our meat smells like a body shop
so hot it smell like suntan lotion isn't
it and then in with it and it has to be
that hot you get the nice crisp labor
you're doing this bit so stir-fry you
kind of want to keep it moving smells
unreal and how long do I do this for
before it's it's I take it out to do
this hot enough that's almost cooked
because we cut the pork so fine let the
soy and the ginger stuff will
caramelizing at this point want to scoot
the pork out but leave the oil in the
wok that's now got all the amazing porky
flavors of the ginger in the mirin next
up your onions go in and this is so easy
so quick provide you've got everything
just to the side you get all your prep
done when you're being trained it's
called meson class see another top
tip is if you say anything that you're
doing in the kitchen in French makes it
sound more skillful so I tend to spend
broccoli and our Rouge peppers the other
great thing about stir-fry is we're not
going to overcook this now it's really
not like currently you want the crunch
of edge here and then in goes the rice
now the rice is cold so we need to give
this time to heat all the way through
you're doing it perfectly but basically
straight right down to the bottom those
bottom bits that will get caught but
with a silicon spatula or wooden spatula
get under there
works free and just measure this a stick
other spectrums are available when
you're happy that rice is hot all the
way through back in with our pork and
all those juices that come out of the
pork and then the sauce itself so simple
a squeeze of sweet chili sauce bit of a
cheek but I do lately love it I love
sweet chili and loving it with soy there
is a little bit the marinade but instead
of putting in salt put in a little bit
of soy sauce keep it moving make sure
it's piping hot and that's it like less
than five minutes to the stir-fry once
you've got all the bits ready
and there we go a super-speedy stir-fry
when you're a beginner or not you can
absolutely nail this every time is I
stir fried rice with pork sausage
it's a speedy evening dish isn't it
mm-hmm
they only give a lesson into how to use
those or is that completely separate
video use a fork if you're not
comfortable it that coconut oil just
makes this it just takes it to a
different level entirely yes there's
nothing else to say other than if you
know someone out there like me who would
benefit from watching this video and
please share it with them and do the
planets in service
you